---
layout: page
hero-bg-color: "#000"
uid: bus-4654
title:  'Bus 4654: Behavioural Economics'
worktype: 'Course'
categories: portfolio
progress: 100
---

<p>This course will use psychology and economics to explore a variety of business and social problems that result from systematic errors and biases in judgment.  We will ask questions about how these errors influence decision making in business, consumer behaviour, government, philanthropy, the environment, and our personal lives.  Each module of the course is dedicated to a specific problem space for which behavioural economics can prescribe a method of engagement to build better organizations and communities. </p>

<p>Discussions and assessments from this course will prepare dedicated students with a civic knowledge and perspective to thoughtfully address challenges that their communities face.  Consequently, this course will develop the student’s ability to recognize and implement effective workplace policies and public policies, a role we will refer to as a choice architect. </p>

<p>This course is fundamentally an economics course. As such, we will be interested in how various incentives and motivations influence the actions of individuals. However, we will take a more realistic approach to decision making than that made in the predominant school of neoclassical economics, which assumes that people are selfish, completely rational with stable preferences, and that they know how to do complicated math and statistics intuitively. We will show that people are not always self-interested, nor do they always act rationally. They tend to use simple rules to answer complicated questions and thus make predictable, systematic errors.</p>

Session 1 [Slides](https://josh-r-foster.github.io/courses/bus-4654/lectures/session-1.html)

